## March 8, 2023
    Today we focused on finishing up the test endpoints that we each had. I worked on the recipe-details test. I created a test to test the recipe-details endpoints and made sure that it passed the test. I followed along with the recording that Riley made and it was pretty simple to follow along. I did have some issues that I encountered with the test not passing but I was able to get it to pass with Sabina's help. The Act res needed to pass in an integer instead of the {id} like we had on our function. The function get_details needed to pass in id:int just like the function from the queries. I was passing in just the id without the :int option. Another issue that I had with the test not passing was that I needed to pass in a dictionary along with data in the Assert. I was passing in data only and the test was not passing. After I figured out those issues, the test passed.
## March 1, 2023
    Today we were able to get through the blockers that we were having yesterday with our add a favorite function, with Tyler's help. We ended up having to change some things in the backend to make this functional. Ben noticed that our delete a favorite function was not working. It was wanting a unique id to delete because the current id that we had was the one that our API was spitting out and we were getting an error because we can't delete that one. We eneded up having to change some things in the backend to make this functional as well. Now we have tested everything and everything works now. An aha moment was learning how to see what is in our database by downloading the MongoDB Compass. That was a neat thing to go over and see what we actually have in our database. Now we are ready to style our project.
## February 28, 2023
    Today we finished the favorite page. We are now able to get a list of all the favorites and delete a favorite. The blocker that we were having yesterday ended up being in the backend of the code. We needed to change how the id was being passed through the backend. Once we changed that, the front end code to the favorites page was able to work successfully. We also created a function to be able to logout the user. Once you log out, the token is deleted and the user is not allowed to access the favorites page. They are stil able to search recipes just not access their favorite recipes. They must be logged in to be able to access them. My aha moment is realizing how much I dislike Redux. Maybe sometime in the future I will change my mind but as of now and for this project, I really dislike Redux, a lot! The next thing we are working on is being able to add a favorite to your favorites page by clicking on the like or heart button. We ended the day with a few blockers on how to create the function for this. 
## February 27, 2023    
    During our stand up, Braeden notified us that with Tyler's help, he was able to debug and tackle the blocker we were having on Friday with the Search page. The search page is now working and you are able to successfully search a recipe and it will show you a list of recipes according to the input that you inputted. We began to work on the Detail page for a recipe and we were able to make that page work successfully. We encountered a few blockers but Eric was able to figure those out and make the code work. We are now working on the favorite page, where we will be able to add a favorite recipe. The current blocker that we are experiencing with is that we are getting an invalid token error even after going on Swagger and getting a token and logging in. We've tried to log in via Swagger and the webpage and it still gives us that token error. 
## February 23, 2023
    Today we started off the day with blockers from yesterday. We decided to try to tackle the search page to see if we can get it to work. We found that the api.js was not working so we began to change some code around and test the code we had. We were not able to figure out the search page and why it wasn't working properly. The issue we were facing was that when you entered the fields and pressed enter, the results were not compatible with the fields that we entered. We will tackle this blocker again tomorrow.
## February 22, 2023
    Today we started the frontend application for our project. It was a successful day as we completed the authentication for the frontend. We now have a signup page, a login page, a navigation page, an App page, a Main page and an Index page. We can signup a user and login successfully. We have a nav bar on the main page. My aha moment was when we realized that we all have to install redux. The website will not work without it being installed. Tomorrow we will tackle incorporating bootstrap to the signup and login page. 
## February 21, 2023
    Today was my turn to be on the driver seat. We started the day with some blockers from Thursday, with our delete function not working. We fixed our delete function so that our delete endpoint would work to delete a favorite recipe by resetting the code back to what it was on Thursday. My aha moment was when Candice helped me realize that we were trying to delete the wrong id(recipe_id) for our delete endpoint and when our function was working, we were actually deleting the correct id(ObjectId), which was the id from spoonacular that was auto generated but we were trying to change it to delete the wrong id(recipe_id). We completed the recipe details endpoint and tested it to make sure it worked and it did! We are offically done with backend!!! We began to read the learn explorations for React to be ready to start the frontend tomorrow.  
## February 16, 2023
    Today, we finished the function that creates a new favorite and the favorite list of all of our favorites. We started working on a delete function to delete a recipe that was favorited, but our delete function is only working if we hard code the ObjectId for each favorite. We are struggling with getting our code to delete a saved favorite using the recipe_id we pass in (ex 1, or 2 instead of the 12 digit id that gets generated for us by spoonacular). We will pick up the delete function/endpoint on Tuesday.
## February 14, 2023
    Today I was on the driver seat for our coding and programming time. We got docker up and running after Riley helped us solve a 500 internal server error that we were trying to debug for over two hours. That was exciting to get fixed and my aha moment because I realized with Riley's help that when we get an internal server error, it usually means that something in my code was changed after I had submitted or saved it in the browser(Swagger). Once the changed was saved and the code was changed, the computer still had the previous saved input, which was throwing that internal error. In order to fix that I needed to delete all of my docker containers, images and volumes and re-build everything back up. Once that was deleted and re-built, the error was gone! Now our docker is up and running successfully without any other errors. Once docker was up and running, we were able to test our login, logout, and get a favorite on Swagger. We saw 200 codes witch was great! We completed our authentication! And during the rest of the time left, we were working on posting a favorite function. We are still not sure how to complete the function or the class but we will figure it out tomorrow. Today was a successful day!
## February 13, 2023
    Today we created our database and began the authentication process for our project. We read through the project advice on learn and implemented what we needed for our database. We installed jwtdown fastapi. We then followed along with Curtis and the video he provided on how to create our database and the authentication process. We decided to complete the authentication process tomorrow so that we can continue our learning on some of the stuff that we were confused about.
## February 10, 2023 
    Today we modified our wireframe and our api endpoints with Riley's help. We read the D1: FastApi and RDBMSes on learn to learn more about what type of database we want to use for our project.
## February 9, 2023 
    Today we cloned the repository and added the keys.py file to the cookease directory to store our api keys. We added our api keys to gitignore. We added the api-design.md file to the docs directory and added the api endpoints to the file. We reviewed our wireframe and made sure that it was completed. We completed the endpoints for our api.