## March 10, 2023
    Today, our code broke for the sign up page again as were doing CI/CD...probably from changing the docker-compose.yaml file. We still aren't sure where the bug was, since we rebuilt our containers and it was still broken, we eventually got it working again. Other than that, we followed Learn to make our gitlab-ci.yml file and use CapRover to help deploy our app. We are still working on deploying our app and getting the pipeline tests to pass in gitlab pages. 

## March 9,2023
    We tested all our components and realized our SignIn wasn't working in the frontend, and it was allowing multiple users have the same username instead of throwing a "Username already exists" error. We fixed this by removing a fetch statement from the queries for signing in in the front end since it is redundant (query already does the fetch for redux) and then we added a create_index unique=True for the username input for the backend. I made a unit test for getting favorites by following Riley's lecture, and helped others debug theirs. The biggest hurdle was not knowing whether or not we can hard code recipes or favorites into our tests, and Riley's lecture showed him hard coding in, so we assumed it should be fine to hardcode. We found a way to make the unit test for getting recipes not hard-coded by importing using {}. For the rest of the day, we switched off typing out the README and were ready to do a walk-through of our project.

## March 7, 2023
    The delete button works! I changed the invalidatesTags from Recipes to Favorites so to Favorites provides tags can recognize there was a mutation and show the new Favorites once the mutation happens. Now, users are able to like and unlike a recipe however many times! I also added more CSS elements to the SearchRecipe.js page so the results showed up in a grid format. I added a new font to our CSS since our other ones didn't seem too different from each other. Furthermore, I added a cute tomato as our favicon for the tab.

## March 6, 2023
    Today, I got the unFavorite function to work. I was passing in the wrong id when wanting to delete a recipe from favorites. I was passing in a variable that isn't the same name as the recipe_id variable in the back end. I passed in recipe_id into my handleFavorite so a user can delete a function, and it worked! My next step was to make the Like button into the shape of a heart using bootstrap icons, and now the search page has a white heart for recipes that aren't in the favorites and a red heart for recipes in the favorites page. I tried putting the heart button in the Recipe Card so I didn't have to rewrite code, but then realized that the Favorites and the Search Recipe page are going to look different so the button would have to be in both pages. My current obstacle is getting a user to unlike a recipe directly in the Search Recipe page; the heart is still red when a user clicks it again, and the recipe is not getting added back to favorites after being unfavorited. However, I got the delete favorite function to work in the Favorites page and now when a user clicks the red heart in the favorites page, the recipe disappears from the page and is no longer in the favorites list.

## March 3, 2023
    We divided and conquered the css today, I was in charge of the MainPage.js. I spent the whole day styling using Bootstrap, Bootstrap icons, Google fonts,
    and played around with GLightBox. I used help from a Bootstrap template for css elements. I also played around with the like button so users are able to dislike a recipe after clicking the like button again, later I want to add css so it's a heart that is filled when liked and unfilled when not liked. I keep getting CORS Middleware errors and I'm not sure if it's how I'm writing the handleFavorite function or if it's the url in the apiSlice.

## March 1, 2023
    We squashed yesterday's FormData bug by tweaking our apiSlice by adding an id in our addFavorite endpoint and including a body: {...id} in the query object. We also had to change our backend so we were making a favorite using the api id instead of a random database id. Because of this, we had to tweak our delete favorite function. After hours of trying, we finally realized it was because our FavoriteOut id was the same as FavoriteIn and that id was overriding the dabase _id when called, so we added a recipe_id variable to store the database ObjectId. This way, the user deletes a recipe in the local database than trying to delete from the API. We used MongoDB Compass to help with the delete function.

## February 28, 2023
    I am not able to get the ingredient widget in the back end because the content-type is text/html and I'm not sure if it's possible to convert it to application/json. Might attempt to make a call in the frontend in the future to test it out. Today, we all worked on the favorite recipe page and struggled with getting the favorites we made in the backend to populate the page. Our mistake was that we were populating the GET favorite endpoint with random ids that weren't from the api, so we weren't able to fetch our favorites and have it show in our favorites queries, therefore couldn't get the page to load without errors. We made a recipe card that held information on how a recipe shows and passed that as a prop after updating the favorites backend and were finally able to pull favorites from our backend and have them show up in our frontend. We also made a logout function so users can easily logout once logged in. We are now trying to make a like button that allows users to add recipes to their favorites page, but are getting errors saying our FormData doesn't accept certain parameters. We will continute to work on this tomorrow.

## February 27, 2023
    We figured out the search component! We used the lazy data hook redux has in its toolbox. We also removed the required fiels in front-end so we only need maxReadyTime. We moved on to the component that shows recipe details once the recipe title is clicked in the search page, and realized our data loads only sometimes...so we added an isLoading if/else statement since our data wasn't loading when it was called. I wanted to add an ingredient widget our api provides, but I am not sure how to convert the response content-type from text/html to application/json.

## February 24, 2023
    Still can't get the search component to load any data, we tried adding async/away, tried changing up our redux queries in the apiSlice function, tried importing the getRecipe query from the apiSlice different ways, still couldn't figure it out. Braeden and Tyler stayed after class to figure it out. Not sure if we tied our backend and front-end correctly, but it might be that our data is loading after it is called, so we are getting undefined.

## February 23, 2023
    The Nav bar and main page load corrently! Our problem was not that we were using modal instead of bootstrap, one line of code had a container name that bootstrap didn't recognize so we added a "my" in front of it. Also had to add a color scheme to the nav bar so the hamburger icon showed when we pulled up localhost. Moving on, we all tried to get the search recipe to return an array of recipes, but still kept getting undefined. Plus, some of our code was throwing errors such as "getRecipe is not a function". Spent pretty much the rest of the day trying new things and researching, so hopefully we get it tomorrow.

## February 22, 2023
    Today, we worked on user authentication in the front end using RTK. We made an auth folder to store the react redux applications then used them to create our login and signup forms. We then wanted to create a nav bar to temporarily store our routes to test whether they worked. An issue we ran into was whether or not we should use bootstrap, since we made our login and signup forms using modals. When I tested the routes out after including bootstrap in our public/index.html file, the forms weren't loading and we realized it was because we didn't write them for bootstrap. Therefore, we now have to update our LogIn.js and SignUp.js to be compatible with bootsrap.

## February 16, 2023
    Today, we finished the function that creates a new favorite and we are able to get a list of all our favorites. I struggled because I was getting an empty array instead of a return body that looks like our model, but resolved that issue when I created a get_favorite function that gets one favorite before creating it. We then started working on a delete function for favorites, but our delete function is only working if we hard code the ObjectId for each favorite. We are struggling with getting our code to delete a function using the id we pass in (ex 1, or 2 instead of the 12 digit hex code). My aha moment for today was getting the delete function to delete a favorite from our favorites list; the delete endpoint was working but the list still showed the favorited recipe that we wanted to delete, so I changed "_id" to "recipe_id" in the delete_one method.

## February 15, 2023
    Today, we were working on our favorites endpoints to be able to favorite a recipe, without realizing that we had to have a recipe before we could favorite it. So we switched over to the recipes.py in both queries and routers to pull recipes from our third party api. Using Riley's code as a guide, we wrote out our recipe queries and router functions. We encountered errors with importing our API keys using the .env file, and couldn't resolve them, so we ended up putting them in a directory called keys inside the cookease directory to import into our queries folder. An unknown error came up and we realized an "&" symbol must be before a string when concatenating to the url as a query parameter. Once we were able to get recipes using our query parameters, we switched over to working on our favorites function again and came accross an error with ids. We will hopefully squash that bug tomorrow.

## February 14, 2023
    Today, we worked on and completed the user authentication endpoints. We wrote the functions to get and create an account in the AccountQueries class, ran into docker issues but rebuilding the entire container including the volume solved that issue. Afterwards, we were able to successfully use all the token endpoints, the /queries/accounts and /api/launch-details endpoints. We were also able to successfully make a call for the /cookease/favorites GET protected endpoint, but are still working on the POST and DELETE endpoints for our favorites. One aha moment was realizing that the docker volume may have previous users saved with errors so that when we fix the code and make another call, that previos user would still be showing the error. We fixed this by deleting the mongo-data volume and rebuilding the entier docker container.

## February 13, 2023
    Today, my group and I worked on writing the code for user authentication. The group decided to continue to work on the project all together instead of breaking up, so we broke up days each of us will lead. I led today as the active coder and everyone one else communicated with me their research/ what Learn advised. I tried to run Docker to see if the database would run, but my computer started to crash so we didn't get to that part.
    As we were filling out our docker-compose.yaml file, I was finally able to read that file and understand what each line means.

## February 9, 2023
    Looking at our wireframe as a template, api designs were made for 13 endpoints in the docs/api-design.md file. I made a keys.py to store my API keys, and put it outside the sample_service directory then added it to .gitignore so it doesn't push to the main branch. A question that came up was how we wanted to format our response when making a call, more specifically whether or not we should include ingredient list or steps in our returns.
